hi I'm Dave Epstein this is growing
wisdom we're in this little corner in
the back of my house and I've got a cold
frame here this is brand-new first
season we're trying this from Johnny
selected seeds and it's a neat little
cold frame it has this great greenhouse
plastic on the top a cold frame is a
place where you can begin to grow
earlier in the season and continue to
grow later in the season inside are some
pots
I started arugula we've got some of the
Johnny spectrum mix I've got some
carrots growing all those things are
growing inside this cold frame at night
I close the door it keeps it nice and
warm inside during the day on a day like
today when it's going to be up near 70
in late October we open the door and let
the air circulate this was incredibly
easy to put together it was five pieces
the four sides and the top a bunch of
screws you tap them in and you were good
to go and you can see how much we can
fit in here in terms of containers you
could also place us directly in your
garden and use the ground instead of
containers your choice if I need to
water all hand water the great thing is
this time of the year things do not dry
out nearly as quickly I'll continue to
grow in here as late as possible if it
gets real cold you could even cover this
at night with a heavy blanket or a heavy
tarp that would help you to protect your
plants even longer and in the spring I
can start seeds inside here many weeks
before I would otherwise be able to
start them and that has the natural
sunlight as opposed to having to use
artificial light as I would have to do
inside a cold frame is a great way to
extend the season especially with greens
like arugula you'll be eating these for
Thanksgiving come back every week for
all of our videos here at growing wisdom
you